hello my name is jose zuniga i'm
representing expertvillage.com
well we got to the point that we need to
check our ph level on our soil
remember if you plant your gardenias
near sidewalks the driveway and of
course a home foundation your ph levels
are going to be way up there and we want
it we want to reduce a pH level too much
of it is definitely going to kill our
pork gardenias remember one rule stay
away from the sidewalk the driveway and
of course at home foundation because pH
levels are just gonna be out there it's
going to destroy the plant not only that
it's gonna delay the growth delaying the
growth equals dead plant one way of us
checking the pH level is basically real
simple get a small shuffle get a clean
bag ziploc bag are just a clear bag this
can be contaminated dig for a little bit
of soil there you go one more also
before you take it to the store be sure
that you remove any weeds we got to take
it as clean as possible to the store
there we go any rocks perfect take it to
the store it's gonna take about ten
minutes for them to check for pH levels
at that point they're gonna tell you the
pH level for gardenias it needs to be
between 5.0 and 6.5 in the event that is
too high in pH level you can have to buy
a product most likely sulfur or whatever
product they guide you to be sure that
if you have two different locations
where you gonna be planning your
gardenias you're gonna need to leave the
bags of soil samples
now either ph level is too low simple
get some coffee grains add it to the
soil my mom that's gonna hike up the pH
level another sacred use those are
rusted nails on the sole and I'll take
care of the matter
okay well this is how we test for pH
level for our planting of curd aeneas
come on let's tackle the project